I know this neighborhood I got beat up
in that alley just gonna give up I could
do this all day you have something
against running away you start running
they'll never let you stop you're really
gonna do this now there are men laying
down their lives I got no right to do
any less than that I can offer you a
chance our goal is to create a new breed
of super-soldier
and he brought a 90 pound asthmatic on
to my army base I let it slide and
looking for qualities their arms the
physical even Wars it's the test he's
still skinny whatever happens say who
you are not just a soldier but I would
go to the bathroom
you actually did it
hydra is the nazi deep science division
led by Johann Schmidt he thinks he's a
god he's willing to blow up half the
world to prove they're not even close to
this technology I asked for an army and
all I got was used congratulations you
just got the moment mr. stark
I had some ideas about the uniform
you're gonna hear so many girls
captain we are alike
I don't know if I can do this you won't
be alone
what hey to you so special nothing I'm
just a kid from Brooklyn
Hey
you're late lovelies perfect